this is desert Iowa population 1200 it's
a small rural community and Gloria and I
were raised here went to school here in
high school came back here and got
married and college coaching took me
away from here for a while when Gloria
and I first started our marriage but the
great thing now is we're back and we're
surrounded by friends and family and
we're here because of AdvoCare
ten years ago when AdvoCare came into
our life I had a dream job as a head
college coach at a small college and had
120 young football players and
absolutely loved it but what I didn't
realize at the time was 80 hours a week
of not being around my own two kids it
was really eating at me inside and we
saw this as an opportunity it's a
possibility
to make life change and now when I look
at it I've got an opportunity to come
back into the game I love football but
now my sons are gonna be in high school
and I'll have a chance to have my hand
on that so that's pretty special and you
know sometimes you give something up
that you love and it comes back to you
later
and that's why I looked at what AdvoCare
has provided for us the journey has been
so worth it it's like 10 years ago when
we got an AdvoCare Joe was the main
bread earner in our family and he got
paid once a month and at the end of the
month we were always out of money always
we just the last five days we're like
don't take any money out of the checking
account cuz we didn't have any and now
10 years later it's incredible what's
happened in 10 years it's we've built
the future for our kids we got to live
where we want to be we've got to do a
lot of things they've wanted to do go on
vacations where we wanted to and ten
years ago when the dream just started it
was small but now it's much bigger and
it just it's been great we're at our
family farm just four miles south of
dieded Iowa and this farm has been in
our family for over a hundred years
AdvoCare is just provide an opportunity
to be flexible in life and also donate
time which sometimes times our most
precious asset and people take it for
granted when you do have some freedom
so AdvoCare has opened up a whole nother
world for Gloria myself to be able to
volunteer as a soccer coach for Gloria
and a youth football coach start a youth
football program and with our AdvoCare
income we can sponsor teams we can
sponsor kids they know the great things
that AdvoCare is done they love the
products a lot of people take them but
they also know the financial game that
we've had how we can help others in our
community and really what's near and
dear to our hearts is helping kids and
we love that that's been the best part
about AdvoCare is helping all the kids
in our community get to be where they
want to be in life
and what's your equipment with that
encourage the leadership understanding
what it takes we're here in a farm right
now and a farm reflects hard work and
when you build an AdvoCare business it
takes hard work and the greatest part
about that is you change so many lives
along the way
for me personally AdvoCare has made me a
better pair and a better spouse our
marriage is stronger now than it's ever
been we've been married for 20 years
this summer and it just keeps on getting
better and that's because of AdvoCare
the opportunity reading the books on
leadership just gaining self-confidence
and being in front of people has really
changed our outlook or my outlook on
where I've been in life and where I'm
going in life it's it's good and I think
when you're around positive people like
people are an advocate you can't help
but feel great and look great and be
positive and you portray that and
everybody wants what you have when
AdvoCare comes in your life it comes
into it at different stages and we were
very lucky I think because our kids were
young and it allowed us to run the roads
and we didn't miss out on birthdays we
didn't miss out on any activities but it
doesn't matter when it comes in you use
what time you have available we started
with 2 hours a week that's all we had
and it grew to 10 hours a week and 10
hours a week was enough to get both of
us home full-time AdvoCare so that was a
dream come true
so there's really no limits to what you
can do with AdvoCare it's all based on
what you want to do if it takes you 10
years to accomplish it great if it takes
you two years great you make the
decision you put the goals on paper and
never give up